MY NOTES for learning OpenGL
----------------------------

Terminology:

1. Extension - something provided by graphics device driver manufacturer
to do fancy advances graphics stuff.
2. Context   - the state machine of OpenGL. Context can be changed using
state-changing/state-using functions.
3. Object    - an abstraction which has a set of options to describe a 
subset of OpenGL state
4. GLFW      - library written in C specific for OpenGL for displaying things 
			   to render on
5. GLAD		 - openGL is a specification but we require definitions. Open-source
			   web service for setting definitions of openGL functions
6. Graphics pipeline - the entire workflow comprising of taking inputs in 3D space
					   to rendering it as 2D colored pixels.
7. shaders	 - small programs which run on individual GPU cores in parallel
8. GLSL		 - separate subset language of C used to program shaders
9. vertex 	 - an object(!?) consisting of information about a point in 3D space
10. vertex attributes - information used to define a vertex
11. primitives - the standard ways openGL uses to interpret vertex data.
12. clipping - Method used to discard the world outside the camera from rendering.
			   Happens before fragment shaders start running.
13. normalized device coordinates - The normalized coordinate space of (-1,-1,-1) 
								    to (1,1,1) inside which the objects are rendered.
14. viewport transform - the transform operation applied to change coordinate system
						 to the screen coordinate system.
15. Vertex Buffer Objects(VBO) - Memory allocated in GPU to store large number of
								 vertices
16. Vertex Array Objects(VAO)  - GL objects which store vertex attribute pointers
								 along with the buffer objects and ways of interpreting
								 the buffer object.
17. Element Array Objects (EAO)- GL objects which store the order of vertices in which
								 to be connected.
18. Vertex Attribute 		   - Inputs to a vertex shader
19. Swizzling				   - using the components of vertex container in shader using 
								 identifiers x,y,z,w